Add warning for disabled minification during build (#8337)
zeit/next.js: errors/minification-disabled.md

> # Minification disabled in production

Reviewer: This needs `title.sh`'d.
```suggestion
# Minification Disabled in Production
```

#### Why This Error Occurred

> When overriding `optimization.minimize` or `optimization.minimizer` incorrectly in `next.config.js`, this degrades performance of your application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Code optimization has been disabled for your **production build**.
The `optimization.minimize` or `optimization.minimizer` was incorrectly overridden in `next.config.js`.

This severely degrades your application's performance at runtime. It can also result in server-side-only code being downloaded by your users.
```

#### Possible Ways to Fix It

> This is not a bug in Next.js, it's related to the user adding a custom webpack config to `next.config.js` and modyfing `optimization.minimize` or `optimization.minimizer`. Solution would be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be sure your `next.config.js` has not modified `optimization.minimize` or `optimization.minimizer`.

You can file an issue on our GitHub if you do not understand why minification is being disabled by your `next.config.js`.
```

> ```js

Reviewer: Drop this example, it's not representative of when this would happen IMO. I want to make sure we see what users are doing when they change this value.
